On one hand, it could be seen as two people I care about dearly sharing compassion and lust.

On the other, it can be seen as two people I care about dearly sharing compassion and lust in spite of the fact that I was in the room, having a somewhat bad day, going out with one of them, having not been forewarned, whilst also both being fully aware that I have suicidal tendencies.  

I'm not exactly sure how to manage to look at it the first way without delving any further.  It would be much easier if it was done with at least some significant measure of reluctance, though some was shown.  In all honesty, it just shouldn't have felt so "right."  That is a feeling I can't help but take offense in.

So where does that leave me?

Uknown.

It has been said I am a burden, controlling and dispassionate.  Phooey.  People pass through my life and come out wiser, more liberated, and more able to love.  But, never the less, a thankless job is only worth it's weight is fulfillment, and I'm growing less than fond of telling myself "at least they're better off now."

So where?

Well.... Running away is kind of something I did to the max already.  Love broke once.  Music got repetitive.  Coding became repetitive.  Most things become repetitive.  I'm not sitting particularly kush at this point, my van might die any day, there are few things in the world I'm really inspired to see (but change), and kind over arching this whole shpiel, I feel like serious shit.

She, and I hardly even know which blur of heart breaking girls I'm speaking of at this point, didn't hold back for him.  She got power and used it with little hesitation as to who it would hurt, namely I.

But power does that.  So, maybe I accept it and say, "next time, try harder"..?  It seems like the best bet.  Beyond that is the last line, and I really hold something precious.  Not that that's a huge incentive to continue meandering, but holy shit balls on fire am I tired of hurting.  It's no way to live.

Anyways, go to bed, watch things fall apart for a few days, make a video, post it online, nix the bullshit at the only source I control.  FUCKING AYE PLUS for trying.

And on a final note:  the truth is, you all suck harder than me, especially because you never fucking listen.  Or, that's what the truth would be like if it was a person sitting in a room at a party with you.  Also, the truth is dying from straight up suicide.  Think about it.


Oh.  And one last final note: love is THOUGHTFULNESS.  It's not a feeling, it's thought.  If you think a lot for a persons well being consintently, regardless of whatever it is you may feel, that's way more loving than if you really feel for a person, but are unthoughtful.  And thoughtful, it my own opinion, generally has more to do with your overall effect on a person, and a lot less with noticind a hair cut.

To me, loving a person is being thoughful about your effect on them is being truthful in the least painful of ways.

On that note: I'm now fatter, go out less, stressing about jobs, less self sufficient and perhaps dead.
You seem to be doing pretty well.


Alright.  Bed time.  I want to eat, but I'm afraid of leaving my room.  I don't feel comfortable in my home now.












