I fear that I have, for a while, been losing myself in the sensation of progress whilst the world around me decays into a shadow of the wild and unihibeted mind of my former self.  I have let many things go, and wore a fat ugly smile while they floated away, telling myself: this is worth settling.  Only because my settling is the opposite of.  I will wear the hat, and I will do the dance, but it will be mine none the less.  Nobody elses.

Perhaps I've forgotten what it means to be free, or merely faced what it means to have never known it, but I'm no less human than I would be with it, and surging inside me is the inane sense that more will become if I merely <i>progress</i>.  Just a little further, a little further, a little further.  Every beat is cut out by the next wave, unfinished.  Like starting over and over again, so I never have to see that not one thing, not a single fucking thing, was finished.  It's a fray of loose ends, life.

Even as I write this, the addiction begins it's cycle anew.  I'm hooked, this is life.  I begin to feel that my words have meaning, that I am acheiving a thing, that I was pushing before but now I'm moving, forward, onward, correct, true.  Things are being solved bit by bit, my words... and then it's gone.  No, not those words.  Those words fail to encapsulate the complexity of the situation.  Those words are tripe, meaningless, where before there had been meaning?  I don't think I've ever wrote anything so meta, but perhaps I'm reaching a new level (joke/antijoke).

I guess, by this point, there is no need to ever write anything again.  The very sensation of writing was illustrated, but I suppose only in the most simple form I could achieve.  There are yet simpler forms, but also more elaborate ones.  Maybe that's the hack.  Elaboration, the space between one pulse of effort, and the concurrent dissapointment or fulfillment at its success.  Perhaps I should merely wander more and achieve things in stranger ways.  I have seen that the fastest route only wastes more time, I think I might be forgetting that.

I do love myself.  And the universe. Together we make an interesting single.


But what about Bebe?  Well, it's pretty simple.  She's found someone else who can make her happier for cheaper.  I'm old news.  And what about me?  Certain death.  I made a pretty straight forward promise to myself.  Not again.  At any cost, not again.  And I am beginning to feel the darkness.  The sensation that gods exist and they are cruel.  I don't .  No more writing.