Intro


Incoperable to sentience, the greatest knowers see life like an old nook.  Each cranny, every position of every object, whilst perhaps unintentional, is as unseeming as the way your clothes drape across your floor.  They do not question, not for fear of a missing answer, but for fear of yet another boring one.  And as they race away from the complacency of control, reaching for sensation once again, their claws dig into the swarm around them, and their feet land on the corpes of those who once held them up with strength.

It is a late year in the cycle of a noble species.  Things have progressed dramatically, then trickled, slowed, seemed unchanging, and then shifted, now spiraling without heed to all it once took to rise so high.  Humans, or humanity, or what thread is left from that, are more or less floating minds.  They share an ancestral line, but move about much more like a collection of thoughts and much less like a bumbling anthropod.
It's not really a matter of minds, but simply networks of ideas.  Networks which can be pushed from organic to digital to analog storage, copied, deleted, forced... and all so easily and seemlessly it's not even a concern.  It's like caring which molecules of air you breathe, or how many times a stranger blinks in a day.  It is meaningless and ephemeral, and so too are all experiences.
At first this was all very beautiful.  And then it became even more beautiful.  Too much so.  In the way of a cruel lover looking upon the deciet of a second romance.  So astoundingly gorgeous.  The secrecy, injects with an enlightening poison of being unbreakable.  It is not when we are hurt that we see how malauble the world can be, but when we are hurting others behind their backs.  It is the truer beauty then the meek will ever know.  So the meek were left behind.

In a world where ideas are what makes an entity, not bodies, nor culture, and certainly not an id... in such a world, secrecy becomes the identity.  It is our secrets that define us.  The more we share, the deeper the rabbit hole goes.  And in this world of secrecy, little is left but the deplorable, dangerous, and meaningless.




He was smarter

Oh no.  No no no.  No please, no don't think another thought.  He knew more.  Save yourself, gods save yourself from him.  He is the last stop on the train, save death.
His shoes glossy and crisp stepped on the dust of dry internals, scraped away too many times to count, gorged upon by those lucky enough to fulfill themselves.  He was the most recent in a long lineage of men and women, all of whom at the precipice of malevolence.  To be clear, Satan.  Or to be clearer, the happiest person alive.
Call one them what they may, he was at the cusp currently.  His smile grand and true, his gait strong and defiant, he was the last individual left and his cup runeth over with the gifts of life.
He strolled down the hall relishing in the rythmic padded tapping of his feet, the deep reverberations of his palace, the hum of machinery, the silence where the screams he owned could be so simply forgotten, the thousand and one ways the universe was telling him: you are right.  He was.  He was smarter.  And so he stepped towards his throne, and with casual grace, seated himself comfortably down.
There was nothing around him but the finest things.  Whatever he desired.  And desire he did, more than all others.  Hi apetite for everything was uncompromising.  He did not hear "no" and he did not care much for limitations.  He ate fine cheeses, fell in love, read constantly, tried anything he wanted without guilt or hesitation.  It was the way life should be, it just so happens that the cost can be the happiness of others.  So be it, they would rather not exist at all, simply look at the way they live.
There are a few very basic ways of living.  The first is the most popular and it is simply to try and remain in the center of the bell curve.  As long as many people are living a certain way, you have proof that you can too.  The more other people like it, the more you should, and so on etc.  The next way of living is very tactile.  It involves using logic to deduce what works best and self control to adhere to it.  The last way is similar but with a focus on creativity, beauty and happiness instead.  Beauty and happiness are both usually indicative of successful survival and work very well as guiding lights.  To put a lable on the three they shall be called: practical, analytical, and artistic.
As it stands, practicality tends to do a lot of consuming while analytical and artistic do all the creating.  Analytical minds work through abstraction, taking ideas and modularizing them into a simple heirarichal structure.  Artistic minds work by cross breeding before unrelated concepts and tastefully nourishing and pruning the result.  Then the practical minds try to copy both sides and generate garbage unrelentlessly, having never grasped the point of the thing they copy.  But from this comes a new set of bell curves which show what things they most thought were the point, becoming the standard so, for better or worse, society can move on to the next new thing.
But none of these mind sets are exclusive.  The lines I just drew were of my own fault, my own inability to transgress my identity properly.  This is what I can only just barely see, that he, the happiest man, knew so well.  He lived all three equally.  While mind after mind fell into the abyss of one or a few, he remained content to forgoe and adopt these strategies as they suited him.  Being logical, artistic, or practical were all just different ways of doing the same thing: living a fulfilling life.
It was never a moment of doubt that he was different.  Not once did he see a noble artist and wonder, how could I be more like them?  Nither did the greatest inventors or most esteemed celebrities cause even a hint of jealousy.  For he was all of them so simply.  And all others looked out from their respective corners of life, great to those who they shared the corner with, fuel for him.  It was without pestilence that he could forgoe their every whim and desire, for they had already done so.  Isn't it obvious?  The great scientist who never once danced free or painted their body and was only cherished for their contributions to science.  Isn't it obvious that they put themselves in that corner?  That they abandoned their true selves, the one who wished to see and live it all, no matter how petty or vile, or beautiful or strange.  It was not the happiest man who set them up for shit.  Pure and simple, it was them.
And so he concocted experiments to see who they really were.  At first it was simple probings, torture sessions, or tricks of life.  He would spy on them.  He would skin them.  He would fake the world around them.  Time and time again they would reveal themselves, sick and cowardly, as having abandoned their own souls long before he had even made the tiniest ripple in their life.  He always found a way to make them see their souls, then sent them off.  It was an art, do not mistake it.
In those final moments, after every fear wrought day, every sickening, excruciating minute, hour, year.  After knowing pain and seeing how awful the universe is, they would finally be in the exact same place they were before.  Having not changed in the slightest.  And they would know, as he would know, that he was right.  He was smarter.  And by extention, they were wrong.
That was his art.  Giving people the full experience of having been completely, totally, wrong.  Showing them that even the slightest variance means torture.  It means having a sewage pipe jammed into your throat.  It means hoping for rape over the other things.  It means, you knew you were wasting your life, but you did it anyways.  So why can't he?  If you're going to waste your life and skim by having not been in *too* much pain, then why can't he just take that life, disacknoledge the overall experience, and use it to create great happiness?  The greatest happiness.  Why not?
He can.  There is not why not, or why.  He simply does.



A story

This was a new time.  Minds had merged, become fluid and untouchable.  You could not simply tie a person up an peel them with a fire hose.  They did not feel pain, though they knew it, they also could control it.  It was a great iniative that a hero long passed chose to create a method for which minds could just as easily not feel pain as we can control our breath normally.  But much like controlling ones breath, things change when the wrong situation arises.  The trick with these minds had become a sort of luring, disaligning, and then malforming.  It was a process riddled with inception and misdirection.  It was an even more fulfilling game then the ones of the past, it was harder, more fun to win.
The details of it aren't exactly understandable, but the simplest experiences to liken this all to are dreams you keep waking up from and having over and over again.  Forever and ever.  Like a computer stuck in a loop, powered by the sun, it's not pain as we know it, but it is hell.

